You hit me, Zhao Ruolan is so excellent
How could you have such a shameless mother?
If not for looking at
For the sake of Zhao Ruolan's mother
I already slapped you to death
Give shameless things
It's okay to question me
Dare to insult Zhao Ruolan
Just looking for death
I'm telling the truth.
Someone who has never participated in a competition
But won the world championship
Who will believe it?
It's not just me who questions
All of you in Zhaojiacun also questioned
This shows that
Zhao Ruolan is not an Olympic champion at all
Did you just go blind?
Didn't you see I just lifted 600kg
Have you won your son?
Even if you can lift 600 kilos
That's what you want to get rid of.
So far
Still obsessed
I just don't like your daughter, okay?
You must slander him
It's you who is obsessed
You for such a bargain
Cancel the contract with us
You are just unreasonable
Whatever you say.
Anyway, my grades and innocence
Not your obliteration
On the contrary, you will pay for what you do